[Music]
Hello friends, welcome to our
YouTube channel. In today's video,
I will tell you what the ICICI
Lombard bike or two-wheeler insurance
policy is. I will provide you with all the information related to it.
Before continuing, I would like to request you
that if you haven't yet subscribed to this channel, please do so.
And if you like this video,
please share it. So, friends, let's
start this video. Friends,
a two-wheeler insurance policy
provides cover against any damage to your bike or scooter in the event of an accident. If your bike suffers
any damage in an accident,
this cost is
borne by the insurance company. This policy
protects you against personal damage as well as third-party liability. Friends, now let's explore the
features and benefits of the ICICI Lombard bike insurance policy.
Friends, the process of purchasing ICICI Lombard bike
insurance is quite
simple. You can easily do it in just a few minutes.
You can purchase it from the ICICI
Lombard website, enter your scooter
or bike details,
select the coverage option, and make the payment. The
ICICI Lombard bike insurance
policy allows you to renew your policy
online without any inspection or extra fees. For this, you'll need to provide your
previous policy details, and
your policy will be reviewed after payment.
However,
in the event of a breakdown, the company
may inspect your two-wheeler. If
you haven't filed any claims under your ICICI Lombard bike
insurance policy during the policy's inception,
you may be
offered a nuclear bonus.
However, this requires you to have renewed your policy within
90 days of the expiry of your previous policy.
You can also pay your premium through this nuclear bonus.
This policy
also provides personal accidental coverage. It provides a centralized cover for the driver and
co-passenger, and a centralized
cover for the owner and driver.
Coverage of ₹15 lakh is provided, while
coverage of ₹2 lakh is available for permanent passengers traveling together for an additional premium.
Friends, this also
provides coverage for damage to accessories such as spoilers, music systems, alloy wheels, etc. However, you may have to
pay a small extra premium for this. Friends,
you can get 24-hour claim assistance by
calling the company's toll-free number.
Now let's discuss the various types of
ICICI Lombard two-wheeler insurance
policies. Friends, there are
three types of ICICI Lombard two-wheeler insurance policies: the first is the two-
wheeler package policy, the second is the two-wheeler
liability policy, and the third is the standard
long-damage two-wheeler insurance policy.
Friends, talking about the first type, i.e., the two-
wheeler package policy, this type of ICICI
Lombard two-wheeler insurance policy
provides coverage for any accidental damage to the owner as well as any damage to a third party.  It
provides comprehensive coverage. Friends, talk about the second
type, i.e., Two Wheeler Liability Policy.
In this type of two-wheeler insurance policy,
liability arising from any accident against a third party is
given. Friends, if
any third party person is injured
or any damage is caused to their property or surrounding
property, then
this expense is borne by the insurance company.
Friends, talk about the
third type of policy, i.e., Standard
Loan Damage Two Wheeler Insurance Policy.
This bike insurance
covers damage to your two-wheeler due to natural calamities like earthquakes, cyclones, etc., or man-made disasters like theft, riots, strikes, etc.
Friends, let us know
what things are covered in the ICICI Lombard Two-Wheeler Insurance Policy.
Friends, it
covers damage caused by natural calamities
like fire, explosion, earthquake, storm,
etc., and man-made disasters like
Sindhi, theft, riots, strikes, malicious
acts, terrorist activities, etc.
If any damage is caused to your vehicle, then it
provides cover.
Friends, in this you  Personal accidental coverage is
also included, and
third-party liberty cover is also provided.
ICICI Lombard Two-
Wheeler Insurance allows you to add various types of
add-ons.
Through this, you
can avail extra coverage for your two-wheeler. I'll share
some of these add-on covers.
Friends, you can add a roadside assistance add-
on cover. If
your bike breaks down on the road,
you can avail the benefit of repairs or other services through this add-on cover.
During towing or
assistance, you can also stay in a hotel
or provide camp services if needed.
You can also add zero DPS. The two-
wheeler insurance company
deducts the unpaid amount, and
you have to pay for it yourself. This add-on cover helps
you
avoid the cost of deductibles.
Now, let's explore what isn't covered
under the ICICI Lombard Two-Wheeler Insurance policy.
Yes
friends, in this the
damage to your bike caused by diplciation is not covered
and if you ride the
bike after consuming any intoxicant or alcohol then the
damage caused to it is
not covered and friends,
breakage or puncture of consumable products like tyres and tubes is not covered and
friends, damage caused due to
mechanical or electrical breakdown is
not covered in this friends, damage caused due to
war or
rebellion or nuclear risk i.e.
nuclear hazards is
also not covered in this friends,
so friends, in today's video we will
know what is ICICI Lombard Bike or Two
Wheeler Insurance Policy and
I have told you about it in
detail in this video, if
you liked this video then do
share it with all your friends and
tell us in the comment section
how you liked this video, see you in the next video
with some other topic, till then
thank you
[Music] [Music] [Music
]